---
layout: post
title: 我喜爱的摇滚专辑
author: Two
catrgories: jekyll
tags: 摇滚 音乐 爱好
---

# 收录本人喜欢的摇滚专辑

1. **Bob Dylan:**
    1. Highway 61 Revisited
    2. Blood on the tracks
    3. The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan
2. **David Bowie:**
    1. ''Heroes''
    2. The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars
    3. Low
3. **Black Sabbath:**
    1. Black Sabbath
    2. Paranoid
4. **Fleetwood Mac:**
    1. Fleetwood Mac
    2. Rumours
5. **Guns N' Roses:**
    1. Use Your Illusion I
    2. Use Your Illusion II
6. **King Crimson:**
    1. In the Court of the Crimson King
    2. In The Wake Of Poseidon
    3. Red
    4. Discipline
7. **Kraftwerk:**
    1. Autobahn
    2. Computer World
8. **Led Zeppelin:**
    1. Led Zeppelin I
    2. Led Zeppelin IV
9. **Electric Light Orchestra:**
    1. Time
10. **Net Order:**
    1. Power Corruption & Lies
11. **Nico:**
    1. Chelsea Girl
12. **Pink Floyd:**
    1. The Dark Side Of The Moon
    2. The Wall
    3. Atom Heart Mother
13. **Queen:**
    1. A Night At The Opera
        2. News of the World
14. **Radiohead:**
    1. In Rainbows
    2. Kid A
    3. OK Computer
    4. Pablo Honey
    5. The Bends
    6. Hail to the Thief
    7. A Moon Shaped Pool
15. **Renaissance:**
    1. Scheherazade and other stories
16. **The Beach Boys:**
    1. Pet Sounds
17. **The Beatles:**
    1. Abbey Road
    2. Help!
    3. Let It Be
    4. Magical Mystery Tour
    5. Revolver
    6. Rubber Soul
    7. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
    8. The Beatles
18. **The Police:**
    1. Synchronicity
19. **Utada Hikaru**:
    1. First Love
    2. Distance
    3. Deep River
    4. Ultra Blue
    5. Heart Station
    6. Fantôme
    7. This is the One
    8. Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 1
    9. Utada Hikaru Single Collection VOL. 2
20. **X-Japan:**
    1. BLUE BLOOD
    2. Dahlia
21. **Yes:**
    1. Close To The Edge
    2. Fragile
    3. The Yes Album
    4. Relayer
22. **Rush:**
    1. Fly By Night
    2. Moving Pictures
23. **Iron Maiden:**
    1. The Number Of The Beast
24. **Genesis:**
    1. Selling England By The Pound
25. **A-Ha:**
    1. Hunting High And Low
26. **AC\DC:**
    1. Back In Black
27. **Locanda Delle Fate:**
    1. Forse Le Lucciole Non Si Amano Piu
28. **The Buggles:**
    1. The Age Of Plastic
29. **曹方：**
    1. 遇见我
30. **ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION:**
    1. Sol-fa
31. **U2:**
    1. War
32. **Panchiko:**
    1. D>E>A>T>H>M>E>T>A>L
33. **Oldfield, Mike:**
    1. Tubular Bells
34. **Neil Young**
    1. After The Gold Rush
